# Nicks' beach Bar 🍻 (Self service ordering api)

This api lets the customers of a bar sit to an empty table and enjoy a refreshing drink 🍹

## The goals 💻

- The customers can enter Nicks' bar and sit at a table or at a sunbed and enjoy the beach view. They can then check the catalog and order a drink. They should get recommendations and additional information about the drinks.
- When they order the drink, they would also pay for it (pay the price and even leave a tip if they want).
- After they enjoyed the drink and they are ready to leave,they will mark the table/sunbed as free so other customers could sit and enjoy a drink.

### Other suggestions 💭

The information and the description of the drinks could be generated by ai and the recommendation system (drink of the day and why) should be implemented by ai too.
-> The Admin should upload the catalog in a dynamodb table and then in an etl pipeline (step functions):

- Data would be extracted from dynamodb (with a lambda function)
- The ai agent will generate information about the drink and will create a very small summary we can pass to the catalog
- The data would be loaded back to dynamodb

# What services I will use? 🚌

I will use AWS services and the AWS Javascript CDK

1. API Gateway for creating a REST API
2. Lambda functions that are the backbone of API Gateway
3. DynamoDB that will be used for storing the catalogs
4. SQS queue for creating orders and give them to the barmen
5. Eventbridge for payments (if implemented)
6. Additional AI stuff (such as bedrock and lex for a small chatbot that could be used as a waiter)

# The prompts I used ⌨️

For generating tables, bar seats and sunbeds: (seats.js and database)
`Generate a JSON array for my bar that will have the following properties: Every object have the following structure: {id, number_of_seats, type, tableType(only for the tables array), comments, taken}. The id will be a unique number for the seat, type will be one of the following: bar stool, sunbed, table number_of_seats will be the number of seats you are going to have in each table/bar seat/sunbeds (bar seat must have only one seat, sunbeds must have 2), type will be square or circle, comments will be a very small description for the seat, and taken will be a boolean (set to false). Generate 10 bar seats, 4 tables and 6 duos of sunbeds. Generate just the object, no additional text.`

For generating drinks: (catalog.js and database)
`Generate a catalog for my bar in a javascript object, with the following structure: An array of drinks objects. All the drinks objects  will have this structure: {id, name, ingredients, description, type}. id will be a unique id for each drink, name will be the name of the drink with an emoji at the right that describes the drink, ingredients will be the ingredients of the drink (will be a single string and not an array), description will be a small and attractive description that will make the customer buy the drink and type will be the type of the drink (whiskey, cocktail, burbon) with one drink being the "special". Generate just the object, no additional text`
